So let's now step into Exercise 3,
where we finally tell the data contract reference that we've set up in
the application contract about where it can find the diploid instance of the contract.
So this process involves creating
a constructor parameter in the app contract that takes the address of the data contract,
and then what we do is we initialize
the reference to the data contract in that same constructor.
So the model is a deployment of the data contract which gives you the deployed address,
and then you use those references in
the application contract which will be deployed second or in the future again,
if it's to be replaced.
That's how the application contract always
knows where to find the data contract in its diploid state.